Exactly.
Qin Jing, the first female god of war in the lower middle, succeeded as the governor of the lower middle
The emperor's banquet was specially held
Please come and witness our Zhang family
It just so happens that one of the four major families
Fortunately, I got two drugs.
This is one of them.
Zhang Shao, do you mean to send this invitation letter
Give us the Shen family?
Exactly.
Qianyao
With this invitation
You can attend the Ming Emperor Banquet
Make friends with all kinds of powerful people
You can still meet your idol and occupy the mountain
By then
Your Shen family wants to become a first-class family
That's just around the corner.
Zhao Shao
Are you really willing to give me this invitation?
I used the invitation as a dowry
Are you still satisfied?
Very satisfied.
As expected of Zhang Shao
How thoughtful
This betrothal gift is too expensive
Just an invitation
That's worth the excitement.
Ye, why don't you care?
You have no right to speak here
What are you trying to say?
Just an ordinary invitation
How can it be related to this situation?
Handwritten invitation letter
compare
Stop talking nonsense here
According to rumors, the former God of War only wrote an invitation letter
It's for the Supreme Primordial
According to you
Don't you mean
You are the repressive martial arts beast
Bless the Taikoo Supreme, who has been peaceful for thousands of years
Exactly.
I'm just hahaha.
Ye Feifan, Ye Feifan
You are blowing it up, but you don't draft it.
Hey Tianyao
Do you hear me?
This trash said he was the Supreme Primordial
Hahaha, for your poor self-esteem.
Can you even lose the bottom line?
Give fake gifts
I can live with belittling the god of war
I thought you were just a liar
I didn't expect you to make it worse
Impersonating the Supreme Lord
I am indeed the supreme of space
And this plot was given to me by the plot itself
That's enough!
Take your things and leave the Shen family
I don't want to see you again.
Since you don't believe anything I say now
Then I will use my actions to prove that at the Ming Emperor banquet
I'll let you know.
Did I lie or not?